Deprecate loadCRN and loadKTX (#9478)
CesiumGS/cesium: CHANGES.md

# Change Log

### 1.81 - 2021-05-01

##### Deprecated :hourglass_flowing_sand:

> - `loadCRN` was deprecated and will be removed in Cesium 1.82. It will be replaced with support for KTX2.[9478](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/9478)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `loadCRN` has been deprecated and will be removed in CesiumJS 1.82. It will be replaced with support for KTX2. [#9478](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/9478)
```

Reviewer: Generally it's good to write out CesiumJS, though I see previous `CHANGES.md` entries had `Cesium 1.79` etc

> - `loadKTX` was deprecated and will be removed in Cesium 1.82. It will be replaced with support for KTX2. [9478](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/9478)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `loadKTX` has been deprecated and will be removed in CesiumJS 1.82. It will be replaced with support for KTX2. [#9478](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/9478)
```
